Jasmeen/996 add training materials (#1004)
ACCESS-NRI/access-hive.org.au: docs/community_resources/access_workshop_2025/training_materials.md

Before attending the [2025 ACCESS Training Day](https://www.access-nri.org.au/access-community-workshop-2025/training-day-program/), please ensure you have completed the required setup for your chosen sessions. The table below lists the essential accounts, project memberships, and software access you will need.  

Full details about the program and session descriptions can be found in the [Training Day Program & Session Details PDF](https://www.access-nri.org.au/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/ACCESS-Training-Day-2025-Program-and-Session-Details-4.pdf).  

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

!!! note
    For those in sessions requiring MOSRS accounts, no action is required until you receive an email from the UK Met Office with further instructions. More information was shared in an email from the ACCESS-NRI User Training Team.
```

> | 📝 **Session Name** | ⚙️ **Setup Requirements** |

Reviewer: I LOVE this table!! 🤩 It looks amazing, @KAUR1984!

| ------------------- | -------------------------- |

> | 📊 Unlocking the power of Xarray and Dask for large data analysis | 💻 NCI account <br> 📂 Join NCI projects: [nf33](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/nf33/join), [xp65](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/xp65/join), [rt52](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/rt52/join), [fs38](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/fs38/join) |

Reviewer: Should we add a link to get an NCI account (and in other rows, a GitHub account)?

I love that you added direct links to join each of the projects @KAUR1984 - that is very handy!!

Author: Happy to add the links for joining NCI and GitHub account as well.

The below table lists the required setup for each session. You must complete the requirements for your scheduled sessions **before** the Training Day in order to fully participate. 

> Full details about the program and session descriptions can be found in the [Training Day Program & Session Details PDF](https://www.access-nri.org.au/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/ACCESS-Training-Day-2025-Program-and-Session-Details-4.pdf).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Full details about the program and session descriptions can be found on the [Training Day Program website](https://www.access-nri.org.au/access-community-workshop-2025/training-day-program/).  
```

!!! warning
    Some NCI project membership approvals can take more than a day.

!!! note
    For those in sessions requiring MOSRS accounts, no action is required until you receive an email from the UK Met Office with further instructions. More information was shared in an email from the ACCESS-NRI User Training Team.

| 📝 **Session Name** | ⚙️ **Setup Requirements** |
| ------------------- | -------------------------- |
| 📊 Unlocking the power of Xarray and Dask for large data analysis | 💻 NCI account <br> 📂 Join NCI projects: [nf33](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/nf33/join), [xp65](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/xp65/join), [rt52](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/rt52/join), [fs38](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/fs38/join) |
| 🖥️ Advanced Git | 🔑 GitHub account |
| 🌊 Evaluating ENSO in ACCESS models for CMIP7 | 💻 NCI account <br> 📂 Join NCI projects: [xp65](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/xp65/join), [nf33](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/nf33/join), [ct11](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/ct11/join), [fs38](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/fs38/join), [oi10](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/oi10/join) |

> | 🤖 Hands-on training in machine learning models with PyEarthTools | 💻 NCI account <br> 📂 Join NCI projects: [nf33](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/nf33/join), [xp65](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/xp65/join), [dk92](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/dk92/join), [rt52](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/rt52/join) <br> ⚡ OR install locally on GPU machine (email [training.access.nri@anu.edu.au](mailto:training.access.nri@anu.edu.au) for guidance) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 🤖 [Hands-on training in machine learning models with PyEarthTools](https://forum.access-hive.org.au/t/pyearthtools-training-day/) | 💻 NCI account <br> 📂 Join NCI projects: [nf33](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/nf33/join), [dk92](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/dk92/join), [rt52](https://my.nci.org.au/mancini/project/rt52/join) <br> ⚡ OR install locally on GPU machine (email [training.access.nri@anu.edu.au](mailto:training.access.nri@anu.edu.au) for guidance) |
```
